cli: add `iam upgrade apply` (#2132)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/reference/migration.md

  2. Set `useManagedIdentityExtension` to `true`  and use the `userAssignedIdentity` from the Constellation config for the value of `userAssignedIdentityID`.
  3. Restart the CSI driver, cloud controller manager, cluster autoscaler, and Constellation operator pods.

## Migrating from CLI versions before 2.10

> - AWS cluster upgrades require additional iam permissions for the newly introduced `aws-load-balancer-controller`. Please perform an upgrade through `iam upgrade apply` which will show the needed changes and ask to confirm them before applying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AWS cluster upgrades require additional IAM permissions for the newly introduced `aws-load-balancer-controller`. Please upgrade your IAM roles using `iam upgrade apply`. This will show necessary changes and apply them, if desired.
```
